More bootstrap docs tweaks (#47809)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/modules/discovery/bootstrapping.asciidoc

Starting an Elasticsearch cluster for the very first time requires the initial
set of <<master-node,master-eligible nodes>> to be explicitly defined on one or
more of the master-eligible nodes in the cluster. This is known as _cluster

> bootstrapping_. This is only required the very first time the cluster starts

Reviewer: I don't think `very` is needed here.
```suggestion
bootstrapping_. This is only required the first time a cluster starts
```

When you start a master-eligible node, you can provide this setting on the
command line or in the `elasticsearch.yml` file. After the cluster has formed,

> this setting is no longer required and is ignored. It should not be set on

Reviewer: Avoid using `nor` or future tense when possible.

Consider making this a list.

```
It should not be set for:

* Master-ineligible nodes
* Master-eligible nodes joining an existing cluster
* Cluster restarts
```

If you prefer a sentence with a serial, I recommend this:

```
It should not be set for master-ineligible nodes,
master-eligible nodes joining an existing cluster,
or cluster restarts.
```

Author: I like `nor` :) I have implemented the one-sentence version, because this doesn't seem important enough to warrant a list.

master-ineligible nodes, nor on master-eligible nodes that will be joining an

> existing cluster, nor when restarting a cluster. Note that master-eligible nodes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
existing cluster, nor when restarting a cluster. Master-eligible nodes
```

> should use storage that persists across restarts. If they do not, and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
should use storage that persists across restarts. If they do not and
```

> `cluster.initial_master_nodes` is set, and a full cluster restart occurs, then

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`cluster.initial_master_nodes` is set during  a full cluster restart,
```

Author: I decided we can ditch this sentence. Other things can go wrong if not using persistent storage, and this point is covered elsewhere (on the dreaded Modules/Node page) anyway.

> another brand-new cluster will form and this may result in data loss.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a new cluster will form, which may result in data loss.
```
